pool: filter out dust payments. (#254)
decred/dcrpool: README.md

Every mature group of payments plus the pool fees collected completely 
exhaust the referenced coinbases being sourced from by payments. For this 
reason payout transactions by the pool create no change. It is implicit 
that the transaction fees of the payout transaction are paid for by the 
accounts receiving payouts, since transaction fees are not collected as part 
of pool fees. Each account receiving a payout from the transaction pays a 
portion of the transaction fee based on value of the payout in comparison to 
the overall value of payouts being made by the transaction. 

## Dust payments

Dust payments generated by participating accounts of the pool are forfeited 
to the pool fees paid per each block mined. The reason for this is two-fold. 
Dust payments render payout transactions non-standard causing it to fail, also 
making participating accounts forfeit dust payments serves as a good deterrent 
to accounts that contribute intermittent, sporadic work. Participating accounts 
become compelled to commit and contribute enough resources to the pool worth 

> more than dust outputs to quarantee recieving dividends whenever the pool 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more than dust outputs to guarantee receiving dividends whenever the pool 
```

You've been in lockdown too long - quarantine on the brain :stuck_out_tongue:
